so I kind of understood that logic even
though initially I did not want Pierce
to go you covered this team more more
extensively than most other people doing
play-by-play work for them etc etc right
you would know to me all of that was
unnecessary that explanation you just
gave all that matters is one thing if
Paul Pierce's departure means more time
for teletovic I'm all for it I'm all for
I don't need to know anything else I
like that guy I ought to let a bitch fan
that brother needs to be in he needs to
be getting 30 plus minutes a night I
feel that way about him because he's got
the size Ryan to go with a shot and he
ain't shy about putting it up I think
him having to go to the bitch impeded
his progress you know it probably did I
want this guy on the floor how much a
letter Fitch guy I'm a fan of that
brother I like so you know what you can
be okay with the departure Pearson I'm
totally fine with it I'm because let me
tell you even if the Nets take a step
back you taking a step back to take two
steps forward that's how good I think to
let a bitch will be hmm I like him you
know who else you know who's they he's
Papa Roux ko's favorite player Stephen
he got one of it you know what he might
be my favorite play on the nets yeah he
is i like him I like him better than all
of them I mean who's dead alike more
than him think about it and I'm taking
I'm talking about not as a person as a
play because I I mean what Joe sure
about Jose Calderon you know how I feel
about Brook Lopez I don't even like
talking to him cuz he said a nice guy
feel guilty is this it Aegis he
compromises me he just does because he's
just too nice of a guy I actually feel
guilty when I say something negative
about Brooke Lopez is ridiculous I feel
like a softie okay but but to let a
bitch he can play and I want him on the
floor I'm a fan well you got whatever I
want that brother on the floor more than
30 minutes a night that's it you're
gonna get now Stephen
Smith Ryan ruko with you on ESPN New
York 98.7 FM